Dr. Bain, assistant administrator of the Texas
Engineering Experiment Station. Today's date is
July 16, 1981. Dr. Bain, could you tell us
something about your early years? I'd be happy to.
First of all, I'm assistant director of the
Engineering Experiment Station, not assistant
administrator.
Well, I was born in San Antonio, Texas,
March 20, 1921.
My father was an architect. My mother
came from a very prominent family. in the sense of
literary accomplishments. My grandfather was a
member of the Omar Khayyam Club of America and
translated the Rubaiyat and the Iblis and
Paradise and Kohilith and a few other of the
Persian writings of some of the ancient scholars.
I had a very fine childhood. One brother, a younger
brother, who grew up to be my big brother, about
five four inches taller than i am but that didn't
give me a small man complex at all i went to agnes
cotton for the first parts of my schooling to mark
twain junior high school and the thomas jefferson
high school which we considered to be one of the
foremost high schools in San Antonio at that time.
A lot of school spirit and a very social group, and
yet professional in every way. I had a lot of high
regard for my teachers. Mr. May, who was my physics
and chemistry teacher, probably helped guide me
into engineering. Mrs. Mary Hickman, my algebra
teacher, likewise had highest regards for them. I
did very well in high school. I was an ROTC there and
was the company commander and had a pretty little
sponsor to march along with me in the Battle of
Flowers parades and to go on various functions and
that sort of thing. We
weathered the Depression. And my father had to
transfer out of San Antonio because of the
Depression. But nonetheless, being good
managers, he weathered that and got into the
bookstore business, which was the same type of
business that my grandfather, George Rowe, was in
since early 1900s in San Antonio.
As I said, I graduated from Thomas Jefferson High
School. I wanted to be an engineer from the
beginning because of my teachers and also because
of an uncle, Peter Henry Rowe, who graduated from
Texas A&M in 1917.
He was a product of Frank Bolton, who was an eminent
electrical engineer at Texas A&M and later became
president, I think, of Texas A&M University. So
the choices for my future were not as great as they
are today for young people. The alternatives were
not as great. Engineering was my selected field. I
had an ambition to be a good engineer, to graduate
and to get married and to raise a family. So my
objectives were rather straightforward and not
cluttered by a lot of alternatives, as I said. I
think that the young people today are faced with so
many alternatives that it makes them somewhat
confused as to what their objectives in life are.
Is that the kind of... Yes, sir. Very good. Could
you tell... Dr. Bank, could you tell us a little bit
more about how the Depression affected your
family? My father had to transfer from San Antonio
to an architectural firm in Henderson, Texas.
The family moved there for one summer, and...
Because my mother was born in San Antonio and her
friends were there, she would not transfer
permanently. So she moved back to San Antonio with
her two boys. And my father had to follow because he
didn't want to live 300 miles or thereabouts from
his family. He had to leave his profession and
change professions and went into the used book
business and the new book business also in San
Antonio. His bookstore was on West Houston
Street. He did a good job. He was a fine father. And
he and my mother fought quite a bit. And I guess that
helped me make a decision to have a more happy
married life and family life. But it was rather
traumatic at the time because he had to move back to
and leave his profession. As a boy growing up in the
Depression, how did you or did you look upon
Franklin Roosevelt and the New Deal? Well, I felt
that the food lines were deplorable. I felt that
the fact that Franklin Roosevelt came to the
rescue of the country and came up with a new deal
that helped spread the resources of the country
was a heck of a lot better than seeing piles of
vegetables in the Rio Grande Valley just rotting
alongside of the roads because of non-government
action to distribute those food products. That
was a crime that should never happen again. part of
the country in food lines and undernourished. And
the Rio Grande Valley, the vegetable capital at
that time, I guess, next to California, had piles
of vegetables everywhere just absolutely
rotting along side of the road because they
couldn't sell their product. The government
should have stepped in. I think Franklin
Roosevelt did a good thing. There was a lot of
controversy about Eleanor and her Eleanor clubs.
in her efforts to do away with racial
discrimination, but that was also for the best of
the country. We can't have a poverty part of the
country or a poverty part of the society. We must
have a good opportunity for all Americans. I do not
think also that we can have good economy in one part
of the world. I think that we cannot live unto
ourselves. We must share the responsibilities
for the economy of the world.
Dr. Bank, could you tell us when you first came to
Texas A&M as a student in engineering? Well, I came
to Texas A&M in the fall of 1939.
I had a footlocker and a suitcase and I was told the
room that I would be in and that I could haul my
footlocker up there and my suitcase and then I
could come down and get to work. At that time, Fish
Bain worked like heck in hauling the personal
belongings of the upperclassmen to their rooms.
He had to clean their rooms. He had to do a lot of
things as a freshman at A&M that is not required
now. were in some ways a personal servant to an
upperclassman. You would bring his breakfast
from the mess hall. Of course, that was illegal,
but that sort of thing was done. It was not a major
violation of anything, but you'd bring a a half
pint of milk and some fruit or a sweet roll in your
socks under your pants as you came from the mess
hall so that the upperclassman could have his
breakfast before going to his 8 o'clock class. We
developed a lot of camaraderie in our freshman
class and that was the purpose of the ROTC system
here at A&M, to develop long-term ties to develop
friends who will assist you in the future and you in
turn can help them. I think the system is great. I
hope the changes in that line have not been to the
detriment of the system, to the detriment of A&M
and its graduates. But this is a changing world and
So in 1957, I guess, the mandatory ROTC went away.
And we now are coed, and that's good also. It's
surprising to me that our young engineers today,
both male and female, can get all of the
information that they need to be good engineers.
We've shortened the semester time. We've
shortened the number of credit hours required for
an engineering degree. When I graduated, we
required 150 hours. Now it's down to 134 or
something like that. And the semester is
shortened considerably. The fall semester is
over before Christmas, and there's a month off,
which in some ways I guess it's a good time for young
people to go to work and learn some money to
continue their education or to just relax. But in
our days, you didn't relax very much. You didn't
have a full month off for Christmas. And you came
back and then got to work and did your finals for the
first semester in early February. Then you went
through June, or the middle of June, for your
spring semester. I have jokingly said all my life
that one of the reasons I came to Texas A&M was
because it was not coeducational. I didn't
believe that girls and an education mixed. We did
our socializing with the opposite sex on the
weekends. We would travel, hitchhike to Waco,
Dallas, Fort Worth, San Antonio, Austin,
Houston, Galveston. We just had a lot of fun. There
were Aggie lines, which were not violated. at the
East Gate. And in most cities, there was a corner
that was set aside for Aggie hitchhiking. And it
was very effective. I actually hitchhiked to New
Mexico one time, no problems whatsoever. When you
came to A&M in 1939, about what was the size of the
enrollment then? Do you recall? About 6,000.
About 6,000. All right. Did you remain here the
entire four years and get your degree? Yes. I got a
150-hour degree. I remained the four years.
Actually, about my sophomore year, I asked my
father if I could take up flying. The war had
started. or it just was in its early phases and I
thought I'd like to fly. Some friends of mine were
taking flying and so he said, no please don't take
flying. He says that's a very dangerous,
hazardous thing. If you won't take flying, I'll
let you take a five-year course leading to
petroleum and mechanical engineering degrees, a
joint degree, and I said that's a deal. So I I
shifted from mechanical by itself to mechanical
petroleum and then the war did get started and
Uncle Sam said, no, you must go to school all summer
long and as soon as this accelerated program gets
well defined then you will go into the service as
soon as you get your degree. And so my class was the
first class to not be able to go to a two-week summer
course, or summer camp, it was called for ROTC. And
so as a consequence of not going to this two-week
summer camp, we did not get our commissions
directly. We had to go to OCS for three months
before we got our Army commission. But we all went
at the same time. And those in the Coastal
Artillery went to Camp Davis, North Carolina, 96
of us. Those who went to Fort Sill, they went up
there. And it was fish year all over again. Of
course, Aggies have been stalwart and strong and
never been licked and all that sort of thing. We
weathered the fish year a repetition. Got our
commissions. Are you a commission of second
lieutenant? Yes. And where did you go for the three
month training? Camp Davis, North Carolina. What
part of the state of North Carolina is that in?
That's in the eastern part. Along the coast? It's
about, it was about ten miles I believe from the
intercoastal canal. How long were, when you were
commissioned as a second lieutenant, where did
you report the duty afterwards? I reported the
duty to Camp Davis as an instructor in the
communications part of the school. How long did
you remain there? I remained there for about eight
months. And then... That was 1943. 1943. And then I
asked to get into radar. And I transferred to a
radar course and would then begin to teach radar. I
came back to Texas and married Joyce Kirkland,
also from San Antonio, in 1944, and was assigned
back to Camp Davis in the school. Gordon, can I get
with you a little bit later? Yeah, if you want to see
me. Yeah, I'll give you a call.
To a radar officer's position in an artillery
group, my job was to inspect the train, to inspect
the proficiency, to inspect the equipment, its
operations, its combat readiness, and that sort
of thing. We stayed at Camp Davis until, I believe,
the end of September 1944, and then were
transferred to Fort Bliss, Texas, where I was a
radar officer in a school battalion responsible
for conducting firing for other students going
through the artillery course at Fort Bliss. When
were you discharged? I was not discharged. I was
given a direct regular Army commission as an honor
graduate of Texas A&M University in December of
1944, with a retroactive date back to 6 May of 43. So
having a regular Army commission, which was quite
a prestigious type of of an honor, I decided I would
give it a try. And I decided also to get into guided
missiles. So I attended the first guided missile
course that the Army offered at Fort Bliss, Texas.
And while there, the Army opened up a civilian
schooling program, which is still going on, to
train selected engineers, physicists, and other
disciplines to advance degrees, the military
having the view that they have need for highly
skilled and trained professionals also. I was in
guided missiles. California Institute of
Technology, Caltech, offered a course in guided
missiles leading to a master's degree. And it was a
two-year course, and I applied for Caltech and
MIT. And I got to Caltech, went there early July of
1946 now after I came back to this guided missile
course from overseas. And took the guided missile
course at Fort Bliss, Texas in January through the
first part of May of 46. Then went to Caltech. for
two years to get a master's degree. I got my
master's degree in one year and decided to use the
time to get a professional degree, a professional
engineering degree, which was an intermediate
degree between the master's and the PhD. I applied
for an additional year to get my PhD and they gave me
two years, which turned out to be needed to get the
Doctor of Philosophy. I got my Doctor of
Philosophy in 1950 in mechanical and electrical
engineering from the California Institute of
Technology. and was assigned to the Army's
Research and Development Program in guided
missiles. And I had nothing but the finest of
assignments. I had four years in the Office Chief
of Research and Development in the Pentagon,
Washington, D.C. I briefed the President's
Science Advisor, House Appropriations
Committee. Who was the science advisor that you
were talking about? George Kiskakowski. Well,
you were still in the military while you were
working on your Ph.D. at Caltech. Yes, that's
correct. I see. There was an obligation of four
years for that four years that I took to get my
degree. And after the four years, I was offered a
position in California with TRW,
which was the leading company in our nation's
space program. I decided to stay with the Army, and
I felt like the Army needed qualified people in
their research and development program. So I
decided to stay in the military. I stayed for 20
years and then was under 50 years old and decided
that if I was going to start a second career, I'd
better get out. So I got out in 1970 and came back
home to Texas A&M University. And it's been coming
home to Texas A&M University for the last 11 years.
It's been a very gratifying and a very rewarding
job. I feel like I've helped A&M in its growth
period here, particularly in its research side of
the house. I think my experience in research and
development over the previous 20 years was
extremely valuable to this job. And I think we've
made some real progress. Research at a university
assists not just the income to the university, but
also it maintains the competency, the relevancy,
the currency of its professional academic staff.
It keeps the students advised of the latest
technology, of the current problems of the
country, the technical problem. It gets them
involved in helping solve current technical
problems. It helps pay stipends to graduate
students. It helps professional staff to attend
technical meetings, make presentations, do
their research, develop competency, a track
record, and help solve our country's problems. So
I've been very gratified. All right. You were in
California for four years and then you moved to
Washington. No, I went to Fort Knox, Kentucky for
three years and I was in there It was called Army
Field Forces Testing Board there. I helped test
ammunition, missiles. I had done my mechanical
engineering thesis, it was called at that time,
they're now called dissertation, in metallurgy.
And so, hence, I helped evaluate there. the armor,
the tanks, the ammunition, and also I got involved
in teaching, not in teaching, in testing
what was classified at that time as night viewing
equipment. I conducted a leaflet two test
consisting of a battalion of tanks, a company of
artillery, a lot of signal communications
equipment. We went to Camp Davis, North Carolina,
and conducted a three-month test all at night.
This equipment would allow you to see at night. It
would allow you to conduct artillery barrages at
night. drive tanks at night and drive all over the
place. It was rather an exciting assignment.
After that, I went to the artillery advance course
and then to the guided missile school at Fort
Bliss, Texas, where I was a research instructor
teaching research, new technology, and so on.
From there to the command and general staff school
at Fort Leavenworth. Could you give dates as we go
along on this? Sure. So keep it straight, the dates
that you were at Fort Bliss the second time. I left
Fort Bliss the second time in 19... 57
and went to Fort Leavenworth, Kansas. Graduated
from the Command and General Staff School in 1957
in May or June, May I presume. Went to Korea and in
Korea I had my initial assignment in the
Philippines for three months as a coordinating
officer regarding the strategic weapons
planning. The Formosan Straits were very hot at
that time. Then went back to Korea in December of 58
and stayed as the G3 training officer of 1st Corps
in Korea and came back to Washington DC in October
of 1959 and was in the Missiles and Space Division
of the Office of Chief Research and Development
for four years. Responsible for the final testing
phases of the Redstone, of the Jupiter missiles. I
was responsible for the Pershing Army missile
developed by Martin Marietta for the Army Missile
Command. I had some involvement with the Sergeant
Missile, but primarily I was responsible for the
Pershing Missile, which was tested at Cape
Canaveral, one of the most successful firing
programs, launching programs of the Army's
missile program. It was a solid propellant
missile. From that assignment, When I was given a
political type assignment, the chief of research
and development, being pleased with my four
years, gave me a tour in Hawaii. where I was a G3
missile officer at Fort Shafter. I thought we were
going to be there for three years, and I was on my
initial orientation tour to the artillery units
in Korea, to the weapons areas in Japan, Okinawa,
Formosa, Taiwan, Philippines, and to Guam. And
while I was in Guam on the return The leg of my trip, I
was asked if I'd like to talk to my wife over the
signal, single sideband telecommunications
system. I said, yes. And so I called, and I talked to
my wife. And she was in Honolulu. And she said,
congratulations. I said, congratulations what?
She said, you're going back to Washington. This
was about a month after we'd gotten there. I said,
what for? She said, you've been selected to go to
the Industrial College of the Armed Forces. Where
is this? It's at Fort Myer in Washington, D.C. And
it's a prestigious school. It's an excellent
school. And from there, we had all of the heads of
all of the executive branches or parts of the
executive branch, congressmen, the president
talked to his vice president. We learned... the
upper levels in how government is run, and how
political tradeoffs are required, and how
democracy works, and it works. It works very well.
From Fort Myer, then I went to the Army Missile
Command in Huntsville, Alabama, where I was the
project manager for the Shillelagh missile
system. which is a cannon-fired missile that is
optically tracked. The target is optically
tracked, and the missile is guided by infrared
signals to the receivers in the base of the
missile. It, again, was a very successful and
highly reliable system. We had about a
ninety-five percent hit probability, and that
includes missile reliability operator errors
and the whole thing. I guess I was one of the first, I
guess I was the first project manager to ever
personally fire his his missile. I did this at
White Sand Missile Range, tracking a target at
2,000 yards, going 20 miles an hour, and I missed
the bullseye 18 inches. This is not classified.
This is just a, that was release type information.
So we were very pleased with that. I left after
three years at Huntsville, Alabama, the Army
Missile Command, after producing a very
successful missile, and was the commanding
officer of the 94th Artillery Group in West
Germany. This was a group of six battalions of Nike
Hercules missiles. That's 24 firing batteries,
and the Hercules missile is war-headed with
special weapons, and it's a very responsible type
of a job. I was very pleased with the job,
which I held for two years. As I said earlier, I
decided in 1970 that I was under 50 years old. If I
was going to have a second career, I'd better get
out. And I got out without a job and interviewed at
the State Department because of my missile
experience and my Caltech schooling. They
offered me a job in the SALT. group to discuss
strategic arm limitations, having had the right
kind of backgrounds. I thought that might be a good
job, but they
couldn't sell me on Washington, D.C. It's just too
much of a hassle. I interviewed at the Missile
Command in Huntsville. I interviewed at the
University of Alabama. At Huntsville, I was
offered a job there. I interviewed at Texas A&M, I
was offered a job here. I interviewed in Austin at
the Water Quality Board at that time, and I was
offered a job there. And I decided to, there were
indications I could have gotten an offer of a job.
at the University of Texas at El Paso, but I decided
to come here to go work with Harry Whitmore and
build the engineering research program at Texas
A&M.
During all this time, you and your family, you must
have moved more than 20 or 30 times. About 25 times.
25. I know that during the last campaign, Vice
President Bush said that they had moved 28 times in
30 years. I thought that was quite a bit. You almost
matched his record. You must have seemed like you
had the moving van ready at all times. No, not at
all. Not at all. And I find that classmates in
industry have had to move also if they're going to
have Take advantage of promotions. You have to
move. You have to change. You have to be ready to do
new things. If you stay in the same job too long, you
can get stale. But I don't think I've ever gotten
stale in any job, including this one that I've had
for 11 years, as I say. Just to me, this job here at
A&M has been the most dynamic, most challenging,
most rewarding job of any. I've seen the research
program here at A&M in engineering go from, oh, $4
million to, like, $15 million.
Then these moves weren't that hard on your
families. We felt, and I think the kids feel, we
have four children, one daughter and three sons.
The kids felt that it was highly rewarding to them,
too.
They are all very dynamic individuals. They
accept challenges. They feel like they had the
best of all worlds. They were able to travel
internationally, and they have friends all over
the country now. It was not a disadvantageous
thing for the family.
All right. Since you've been here, you've been
concerned with research and development. Have
you done any teaching? I have not done any
teaching. On occasion, I will give a lecture on
research, sponsorship, how it's conducted with
the federal government. What are the advantages
of doing research in an educational institution?
This last month, the annual conference of the
American Society for Engineering Education, I
constructed a session and moderated the session
on university research programs of selected
federal agencies. I had the assistant director of
the National Science Foundation there from
Washington, Dr. Jack Sanderson. the Deputy
Technical Director of the Office of Naval
Research there, also from Washington. Dr. Bob
Lundegaard, he is the Deputy Technical Director
of all of ONR. Could you spell his name, please?
Lundegaard, L-U-N-D-E-G-A-R-D, Lundegaard.
And then I had Dr. Richard Stevens from the
Department of Energy come. Is that V or P-H and
Stevens? P-H. P-H and Stevens. He gave us the
current status of university research programs
in the Department of Energy. And so we had a very
fine coverage. We had a very large attendance of
both new educators from all over the country who
come to the ASWE program to learn how to do
research, what agencies are doing what. I was very
pleased to see that the new educators felt that it
was a fine session. They came down and told me so at
the end of it. I was also somewhat amused that a lot
of the older The research administrators felt
like it was a good session, too. They take
advantage of those sorts of things, too. I have a
book here called 100 Years of Engineering at Texas
A&M. It was published in 1976 by C.W. Crawford and
others who contributed. And this book says that
the experiment station was established in 1914 to
aid the industrial development of Texas.
Primarily, it started out as... Dealing with road
building, as you know, Texas has one of the best
road systems in the country. Also with water and
sanitation. What are, again, could you summarize
some of the main points that the research and
development staff is involved in today? Some of
the specific items. Well, first of all, the first
written word that I found on the history of this
organization was in the catalog for 1914.
Dean Spence was the director at that time, and the
written word at that time said that this
engineering experiment station was established
to parallel the agricultural experiment
station, the agricultural experiment station
having as a purpose to help solve problems of rural
life, The Engineering Experiment Station had its
purpose to assist in solving the technical
questions of urban life and questions of a special
importance to Texas industries. And the third
part of its responsibility was to publish results
of their research. So it was not just to aid in the
industrial development of the state, but also to
help cities solve their technical problems, and
that we're doing today also. Today's
organization again includes researchers from
all engineering departments. It also has added a
division with Prairie View A&M to help bring that
school into the mainstream of engineering
research and to assist them in developing their
program. We have a joint program now with the
College of Business Administration. That is a
business engineering division. I have an
education and engineering division now with the
College of Education. We have a remote sensing
center, which was established about 1968 as a
consortium of colleges of engineering, science,
geoscience, and agriculture. We have the Nuclear
Science Center, which has assisted over 60, 65
medical colleges and research laboratories and
universities throughout the region. We have also
Industrial Economics Research Division, and we
have a Strategic Technology Division that does
defense-related work. Incidentally, I might say
that some of A&M's attributes are, I think,
derived from its early military origin. This
university was not anti-defense
work. There was none of the rioting on the campus
during the anti-Vietnam days. We are not adverse
to doing defense-related research, and we do do
defense-related research. We have research
programs, either basic or applied, with the Army
Research Office, the U.S. Air Force Office of
Scientific Research, the Office of Naval
Research, Department of Defense agencies
throughout. So I think our early heritage has paid
off in our research programs also. How does the A&M
research program rank compared to other
institutions in the nation? I haven't seen the
latest but the latest that I did see we were ranked
about 18th in the country. This was a ranking by the
National Science Foundation and that's pretty
good standing. Industrial support wise we do
perhaps more
industrially sponsored research than most
universities. I think our ranking there was
number four in the country and that's a relative
sort of thing.
Would the dispute over the permanent university
fund affect research programs? The university
fund provides funds for building facilities,
buildings, and helps a university grow in that way
primarily. And although the Engineering
Experiment Station has been most successful in
their engineering research program and have
generated funds as a result of this contract
research involvement and has been able to help pay
for buildings and research equipment. The
university fund provides even greater resources
for the total university and hence helps the total
university program, the university system
program I think you perhaps need to say these days.
I'm from the old school so I think of Texas A&M as
Texas A&M in all of its parts. But today, there's
more emphasis on the separate parts of the
university system. And the university itself is
now a separate part and co-equal with the Ag
Engineering Environment Station and Extension
Services and that sort of thing. I hope that this
separation is not detrimental to the overall
Texas A&M. Because we need to maintain the
attitude We are Texas A&M, and we can help solve the
nation's problems. Let me ask you, Dr. Bain, about
the $15 million in research funds that you have for
this present year. About what is the breakdown of
where this money has come from? Now, $15 million is
not the total research program. The total
research program is more like $25 million. The $15
million is total sponsored research. In other
words, that is research paid for by our customers,
paid for by the sponsors who endorse and consider
their problems of significant importance to the
point of such significance that they're willing
to pay for the research. Could you tell us who some
of these are? Oh, yes. NASA, this university does
or this engineering experiment station does
quite a bit of work for National Aeronautics and
Space Administration. We did quite a bit of work on
the space shuttle and its wind tunnel testing. We
do quite a bit on lignite research sponsored by the
Department of Energy and also by Texas
Industries. Petroleum companies are all
acquiring coal and lignite resources, and we've
been involved in ways to harness that energy from
Texas resources. Many, many industries, Exxon,
Texaco, Phillips, Sun, Arco, Conoco, you name it,
this university's involved. What about state and
federal funding? State funding the engineering
experiment station for this next biennium will be
about five million. Now for that five million, we
create capabilities at Texas A&M to do creditable
research. We hire new faculty and new researchers
and give them an opportunity to do research and
develop some credibility to demonstrate their
capabilities and then help solve the real world's
problems. And we would expect that the $5 million
would generate $20 million in sponsored
research. What about the other $5 million? The
other $5 million, we operate the data processing
center, we operate a research and instrument
shop, the Nuclear Science Center, and all of these
have budgets. The other five million is in income
to those organizations and for the operation of
those facilities for the benefit of the entire
university system. Have you found that the state
legislature has been lenient or generous in
funding the research program? The state
legislature has been very fair in their
assessment of the benefits of engineering
research at Texas A&M to the state and its economic
development. They've been very fair in their
judgment. They've not always given us what we ask
for. They always cut back to some extent and expect
us to do better in our acquiring additional
sponsored research. And so far, with the very fine
economic atmosphere in Texas and in the country,
we've been able to do that. And we've been able to
continue a phenomenal growth. One of our years
that I recall, Our statistics, we had a growth of
35% in sponsored research. What year was that?
That was about 1975.
We've had 17%, 25%, 35% growth, those kinds of
figures in one year. And that's phenomenal. It's
almost the same kinds of growth that the
enrollment at Texas A&M has experienced. With an
increase in enrollment, you have an increase in
faculty requirements. And when you increase
faculty requirements, you also have I need to pay
those faculty, and we pay part of their salary for
their research involvement. And that allows
departments to hire two people in place of one. It
helps develop the total program. Can we pause
here, please? Sure.